{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red87\green94\blue111;\red240\green241\blue244;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c41569\c44706\c50980;\cssrgb\c95294\c95686\c96471;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TPDB\cf3  - \cb4 o7YzLlvmwx9FFOm8cSe4ArdHIJA4VO6nlHGtkasjfc8e964d\
\
TMDB fbaa898f84fafad70cdcdfc785e60e8a\
\
TVDB 
\f1 \cf5 \cb6 7efc870a-263e-4c30-a1cb-2a185fbf6076\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a plan to implement a drag-and-drop feature for this UI pane, allowing users to drag and drop individual files onto it. When a file is dropped, the pane will populate with its existing metadata. Add a feature to read and enter details about the file\'92s metadata. When the search button is clicked, it will search based on the metadata present. The existing metadata will be displayed in the pane, along with any artwork associated with the file, in a sidebar. After clicking the search button, the results will appear. The user can select a movie or TV show from the results. Once a show is selected, the metadata, including a short and long description, will be displayed. Then, the user can click the \'93Apply\'94 button. After clicking \'93Apply,\'94 the artwork picker will appear in the same pane where the movie or TV show picker was previously located.\
}